feat: convert js messages to md (#244)
salesforcecli/plugin-dev: messages/dev.convert.messages.md

Filename to convert

# flags.project-dir.summary

> Location project where messages are to be audited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Location of the project whose messages are to be audited.
```

# flags.project-dir.description

> The project directory.

Reviewer: Please remove this because it adds no value.

Author: @jshackell-sfdc Going to have to wait until cmd ref is fixed.
